CSCI 4229 - Project
Bryce Wilson

Plays music
May be loud

Controls:
	Space:			Control Ship
	Esc:			Close Program


Pressing space will bring the ship down onto the track. You should press space over blue buttons, and you should hold space through orange barriers.

Essentially this is a simple demo for something that could be built on later. I only designed about a minute of the track because it takes a lot of time that I needed to spend on the graphics. Also, apologies for the difficulty; accomodating for that also wasn't a focus.

The track, though relatively simple, uses a natural cubic spline, so it could easily be adapted for something more roller-coaster like, or with sharper turns. Most of my work went into drawing the track and getting the various objects to follow it and place themselves on it. In retrospect, it may have been better to keep the car on the origin and facing up, and then rotating the world? I'm not quite sure, but there was a lot of calculating the normal of the track and making sure things get pointed the right direction. I'm actually slightly surprised at how smooth it can still run given how much vector math I did on the CPU.

As is probably obvious, I tried to play around with emission a lot more than we've done in class. It gives a nice glow that fits a certain aesthetic. The translucent objects use only emission so they look more ethereal. The flame behind the car also contains an actual light object that emits blue light which can be most easily seen on the black car (the track has too few polygons to pick it up well). It also expands and contracts with a glScale based on the progression of the car.

I think the pulses are pretty cool. I have a function that makes one with a relative size and a color. Then the timer decreases that color to black linearly over time as well as expanding the radius linearly over time, so it looks like it comes from a source and then fades outward.

The music isn't tied to the speed of movement; I had to calculate all that based on the tempo of the music (which is fortunately very consistent) and the spacing I wanted for the segments. It was surprisingly hard to keep the speed, space, and music tempo in sync while playing with one of those values.
